# Dropbox.Sign.Model.AccountResponse

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AccountId** | **string** | REPLACE_ME_WITH_DESCRIPTION_BEGIN The ID of the Account REPLACE_ME_WITH_DESCRIPTION_END | [optional] **EmailAddress** | **string** | REPLACE_ME_WITH_DESCRIPTION_BEGIN The email address associated with the Account. REPLACE_ME_WITH_DESCRIPTION_END | [optional] **IsLocked** | **bool** | REPLACE_ME_WITH_DESCRIPTION_BEGIN Returns &#x60;true&#x60; if the user has been locked out of their account by a team admin. REPLACE_ME_WITH_DESCRIPTION_END | [optional] **IsPaidHs** | **bool** | REPLACE_ME_WITH_DESCRIPTION_BEGIN Returns &#x60;true&#x60; if the user has a paid Dropbox Sign account. REPLACE_ME_WITH_DESCRIPTION_END | [optional] **IsPaidHf** | **bool** | REPLACE_ME_WITH_DESCRIPTION_BEGIN Returns &#x60;true&#x60; if the user has a paid HelloFax account. REPLACE_ME_WITH_DESCRIPTION_END | [optional] **Quotas** | [**AccountResponseQuotas**](AccountResponseQuotas.md) | REPLACE_ME_WITH_DESCRIPTION_BEGIN  REPLACE_ME_WITH_DESCRIPTION_END | [optional] **CallbackUrl** | **string** | REPLACE_ME_WITH_DESCRIPTION_BEGIN The URL that Dropbox Sign events will &#x60;POST&#x60; to. REPLACE_ME_WITH_DESCRIPTION_END | [optional] **RoleCode** | **string** | REPLACE_ME_WITH_DESCRIPTION_BEGIN The membership role for the team. REPLACE_ME_WITH_DESCRIPTION_END | [optional] **TeamId** | **string** | REPLACE_ME_WITH_DESCRIPTION_BEGIN The id of the team account belongs to. REPLACE_ME_WITH_DESCRIPTION_END | [optional] **Locale** | **string** | REPLACE_ME_WITH_DESCRIPTION_BEGIN The locale used in this Account. Check out the list of [supported locales](/api/reference/constants/#supported-locales) to learn more about the possible values. REPLACE_ME_WITH_DESCRIPTION_END | [optional] **Usage** | [**AccountResponseUsage**](AccountResponseUsage.md) | REPLACE_ME_WITH_DESCRIPTION_BEGIN  REPLACE_ME_WITH_DESCRIPTION_END | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

